Mrs. Yan, I have something to report to you.
Xiaobao is not the child of Gu Siya of the Yan Club
What!
Xiaobao is not a child of poetry
Xiaobao is Mr. Yan's child
But not Gu Siya's
Xiaobao's biological mother is Gu Kiss enough
Xiaobao is Shi Qing's biological son
And that's it.
Siya graduated from a prestigious school
Clean
From now on, he will be Xiaobao's biological mother
My son's wife
But no but
Anyone can be the young lady of the Yan family
only
Gu Qingqing's stained woman can't do it
After following Shi Qing for so many years
You worked hard too
It's time to take a break
This check is for you
Do you mean to fire me?
I have worked for Mr. Yan for many years
It's all my business
Mrs. Yan's check
I deserve it.
I won't go into that.
Hope Mr. Yan recovers soon
I'll go first
Even if Mrs. Ye knew the truth
They still favor stories.
It seems that we can only wait for Mr. Yan to wake up
I'll tell him the truth myself
Watch Lin Feng
Keep an eye on his whereabouts
Yes, ma'am.
How about 17 nights and 17 nights? Don't worry about others.
Mind your own business
You are pregnant
Emotions are still so up and down
Do you not want this child?
I am pregnant